ANSI 301-2022: shared water heaters, recirc pumps (#1649)
NREL/OpenStudio-HPXML: docs/source/workflow_inputs.rst

  .. [#] The water heater setpoint can alternatively be defined using :ref:`schedules_detailed`.
  .. [#] Additional desuperheater inputs are described in :ref:`water_heater_desuperheater`.
  .. [#] TankModelType choices are "mixed" or "stratified".
  .. [#] NumberofBedroomsServed only required if IsSharedSystem is true.

>          Tank losses will be apportioned to the dwelling unit using its number of bedrooms divided by the total number of bedrooms served by the water heating system per `ANSI/RESNET/ICC 301-2019 <https://codes.iccsafe.org/content/RESNET3012019P1>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Tank losses will be apportioned to the dwelling unit using its number of bedrooms divided by the total number of bedrooms served by the water heating system per ANSI/RESNET/ICC 301-2022.
```

Reviewer: Please update all the references below too.

         
         \- **IECC zones 3-8, unknown**: "basement - unconditioned", "basement - conditioned", "conditioned space"
         
  .. [#] If PerformanceAdjustment not provided, defaults to 0.94 (UEF) or 0.92 (EF) based on `ANSI/RESNET/ICC 301-2019 <https://codes.iccsafe.org/content/RESNET3012019P1>`_.
  .. [#] The sum of all ``FractionDHWLoadServed`` (across all WaterHeatingSystems) must equal to 1.
  .. [#] FractionDHWLoadServed represents only the fraction of the hot water load associated with the hot water **fixtures**.
         Additional hot water load from clothes washers/dishwashers will be automatically assigned to the appropriate water heater(s).
  .. [#] The water heater setpoint can alternatively be defined using :ref:`schedules_detailed`.
  .. [#] Additional desuperheater inputs are described in :ref:`water_heater_desuperheater`.
  .. [#] NumberofBedroomsServed only required if IsSharedSystem is true.

>          Tank losses will be apportioned to the dwelling unit using its number of bedrooms divided by the total number of bedrooms served by the water heating system per `ANSI/RESNET/ICC 301-2019 <https://codes.iccsafe.org/content/RESNET3012019P1>`_.

Reviewer: I agree that this will be confusing for a tankless system; let's just remove this line for now. FYI @jmaguire1

  =========================================================  =======  ============  ====================  ========  ========  =====================
  Element                                                    Type     Units         Constraints           Required  Default   Notes
  =========================================================  =======  ============  ====================  ========  ========  =====================
  ``SystemIdentifier``                                       id                                           Yes                 Unique identifier
  ``SystemType/Standard``                                    element                                      Yes                 Type of distribution system
  ``SystemType/Standard/PipingLength``                       double   ft            > 0                   No        See [#]_  Length of piping [#]_
  ``PipeInsulation/PipeRValue``                              double   F-ft2-hr/Btu  >= 0                  No        0.0       Pipe insulation R-value
  ``DrainWaterHeatRecovery``                                 element                                      No        <none>    Presence of drain water heat recovery device [#]_

>   ``extension/SharedRecirculation/NumberofBedroomsServed``   integer                >= NumberofBedrooms   Yes [#]_            Number of bedrooms served

Author: Again, the "=" in `>=` is intentional here.
